Add infrastructure agent v1.74.3 release notes (#23970)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1743.mdx

---
subject: Infrastructure agent
releaseDate: '2026-05-07'
version: 1.74.3
---

A new version of the agent has been released. Follow standard procedures to [update the Infrastructure agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-configure-manage-infrastructure/update-or-uninstall/update-infrastructure-agent).
New Relic recommends that you upgrade the agent regularly and at a minimum every 3 months. As of this release, the oldest supported version is [Infrastructure agent 1.64.0](/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1640/).

## Bug fixes

> * Addresses an unquoted BinaryPathName on Windows, that some EDR tools would flag as Path Interception vulnerability, possibly blocking the installation. We recommend Windows customers of version 1.73.x and earlier versions of 1.74.x to upgrade to this version [#2230](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2230)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Security Fix (Windows): Resolved an unquoted search path vulnerability (BinaryPathName) that could trigger EDR warnings or block installation. Recommended for all Windows users on versions 1.73.x or 1.74.x. [#2230](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2230)
```
